Update README on Requirements (#484)
hmcts/cnp-jenkins-config: README.md

Mostly uses the [configuration-as-code-plugin](https://plugins.jenkins.io/configuration-as-code) for configuring

## Requirements

> Before creating a new Jenkins pipeline project, check you are observing the steps to [creating a Github respository](https://hmcts.github.io/ways-of-working/new-component/github-repo.html#create-a-github-repository)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before creating a new Jenkins organisation, check you are observing the steps to [creating a Github respository](https://hmcts.github.io/ways-of-working/new-component/github-repo.html#create-a-github-repository)
```
